README.md, before:

Android testing samples
===================================


A collection of samples demonstrating different frameworks and techniques for automated testing.

Prerequisites
--------------

- Android SDK v23
- Android Build Tools v23
- Android Support Repository rev17

Getting Started
---------------

These samples use the Gradle build system. To build a project, enter the project directory and use the `./gradlew assemble` command or use "Import Project" in Android Studio.

- Use `./gradlew connectedAndroidTest` to run the tests on a connected emulator or device.
- Use `./gradlew test` to run the unit test on your local host.

There is a top-level `build.gradle` file if you want to build and test all samples from the root directory. This is mostly helpful to build on a CI (Continuous Integration) server.

Support
-------

- Google+ Community: https://plus.google.com/communities/105153134372062985968
- Stack Overflow: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/android-testing

If you've found an error in this sample, please file an issue:
https://github.com/googlesamples/android-testing

Patches are encouraged, and may be submitted by forking this project and
submitting a pull request through GitHub. Please see CONTRIBUTING.md for more details.

License
-------

Copyright 2015 The Android Open Source Project, Inc.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more contributor
license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with this work for
additional information regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this
file to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not
use this file except in compliance with the License.  You may obtain a copy of
the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.  See the
License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under
the License.

Commit message:

Adds link to ATSL's site to README.md

README.md, after:

Android testing samples
===================================


A collection of samples demonstrating different frameworks and techniques for automated testing.

Prerequisites
--------------

- Android SDK v23
- Android Build Tools v23
- Android Support Repository rev17

Getting Started
---------------

These samples use the Gradle build system. To build a project, enter the project directory and use the `./gradlew assemble` command or use "Import Project" in Android Studio.

- Use `./gradlew connectedAndroidTest` to run the tests on a connected emulator or device.
- Use `./gradlew test` to run the unit test on your local host.

There is a top-level `build.gradle` file if you want to build and test all samples from the root directory. This is mostly helpful to build on a CI (Continuous Integration) server.

Android Testing Support Library
---------------
Many of these samples use the ATSL. Visit the [Android Testing Support Library site](https://google.github.io/android-testing-support-library/) for more information.

Support
-------

- Google+ Community: https://plus.google.com/communities/105153134372062985968
- Stack Overflow: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/android-testing

If you've found an error in this sample, please file an issue:
https://github.com/googlesamples/android-testing

Patches are encouraged, and may be submitted by forking this project and
submitting a pull request through GitHub. Please see CONTRIBUTING.md for more details.

License
-------

Copyright 2015 The Android Open Source Project, Inc.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more contributor
license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with this work for
additional information regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this
file to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not
use this file except in compliance with the License.  You may obtain a copy of
the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.  See the
License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under
the License.
